update docs (#5312)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/releases.md

26 Mar 2024

> Customers who extend the capabilities of NGINX Ingress Controller with NGINX App Protect WAF and bring firewall protection to the edge of their Kubernetes clusters can now enjoy violation visibility through NGINX Instance Manager Security Monitor.  They can also use NIM Security Monitor to build Policy bundles and reduce reload time impacts on NIC.  More information at https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/installation/integrations/app-protect-waf/configuration/#waf-bundles and https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-management-suite/security/.
> 
> NIC has long supported blue/green and canary style rollouts through the split https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/virtualserver-and-virtualserverroute-resources/#split capability.  When using NGINX Plus and a simple two version split, you can now control progressive rollouts of a new backend version without reloading NGINX.  More information at https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/global-configuration/command-line-arguments/#-weight-changes-dynamic-reload.
> 
> For folks that exclusively rely on the Ingress resource, it now includes support for use-cluster-ip https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/ingress-resources/advanced-configuration-with-annotations/#backend-services-upstreams as well as rate limiting https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/ingress-resources/advanced-configuration-with-annotations/#rate-limiting.  
> use-cluster-ip supports service meshes and specific use cases when the backend service should be the target instead of individual backend service pods and bypasses upstream load balancing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NGINX Ingress Controller and NGINX App Protect WAF users can can now view violations through NGINX Instance Manager Security Monitor.  Security Monitor can be used to build Policy bundles, reducing reload time impacts on NGINX Ingress Controller.  Read more information in [NGINX App Protect WAF Bundles](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/installation/integrations/app-protect-waf/configuration/#waf-bundles) and [Security Monitoring](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-management-suite/security/).

When using NGINX Plus for two version [split rollouts](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/virtualserver-and-virtualserverroute-resources/#split), you can now control progressive rollouts of a new backend version without reloading NGINX using the [**-weight-changes-dynamic-reload**](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/global-configuration/command-line-arguments/#-weight-changes-dynamic-reload) command line argument.

The [**use-cluster-ip**](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/ingress-resources/advanced-configuration-with-annotations/#backend-services-upstreams) annotation is now available for the Ingress resource.
**use-cluster-ip** supports service meshes and specific use cases where the backend service should be the target instead of individual backend service pods, bypassing upstream load balancing. 
```

Fixing the hard URLs into actual markdown links, reducing the text by removing a lot of unnecessary words. Rephrases things so the subjects of each paragraph appear earlier in the text.

### <i class="fa-solid fa-bug-slash"></i> Fixes
- [5211](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/pull/5211) Move set above rewrite to fix uninitialized variable
- [5175](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/pull/5175) Initialize `stopCh` channel for ExternalDNS
- [5053](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/pull/5053) Ensure `backup` server is removed from upstreams when the Backup Service is deleted

> - [5211](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/pull/5211) Move set above rewrite to fix uninitialized variable

Reviewer 2: this is here twice so we can remove the bottom one
```suggestion
```
